README.md, before:

# Cool Reads

The "Cool Reads" project aims to create a web application that allows users to gather, organize, and share their reading recommendations from across the internet. The Product Owner envisions a platform where users can easily save and categorize interesting articles, blog posts, tutorials, or news articles they come across during their online reading. They should be able to share their curated collection with others and, importantly, manage their reading recommendations efficiently.

## Usage guide

1. Clone the project <br>```git clone https://github.com/peaches-swdp1/peaches-project.git```<br>
2. run the following command in a terminal window (in the complete) directory:<br>
```./mvnw spring-boot:run```<br>
3. Navigate to localhost:8080
   
If using Eclipse, you can also run the project in the following way:

1. Eclipse: File -> Import -> Maven -> Existing Maven Projects
2. Run
3. Navigate to localhost:8080

You can find the deployed version of the application here:
[Deployed URL](https://cool-reads-peaches.onrender.com)

### Running the Application from the JAR File

1. **Download the Latest Release JAR File:**

   Visit the [Sprint 2 Release](https://github.com/peaches-swdp1/peaches-project/releases/tag/sprint2) page and download the latest JAR file (`application.jar`).

2. **Navigate to the Downloaded File:**

   Open your terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where the JAR file is downloaded.

3. **Run the Application:**

   Execute the following command to start the application:

   ```bash
   java -jar application.jar

## Documentation
- Link to Swagger documentation: [http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html)
- [Entity Relationship diagram](https://github.com/peaches-swdp1/peaches-project/blob/main/documentation/data-model.md)

## Team members
1. [Prasanna Tamang Bomjan](https://github.com/PrasannaTB)
2. [Aleksei Shevelenkov](https://github.com/alexonthespot7)
3. [Polina Domracheva](https://github.com/PolinaD31)
4. [Iuliia Emelianova](https://github.com/pug-yulia)

## Backlogs
* [Product Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/peaches-swdp1/projects/1)
* [Sprint 1 Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/peaches-swdp1/projects/4)
* [Sprint 2 Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/peaches-swdp1/projects/6)
* [Sprint 3 Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/peaches-swdp1/projects/8)

## License
Cool Reads is [MIT licensed](https://github.com/peaches-swdp1/peaches-project/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update README.md with how to run the tests

README.md, after:

# Cool Reads

The "Cool Reads" project aims to create a web application that allows users to gather, organize, and share their reading recommendations from across the internet. The Product Owner envisions a platform where users can easily save and categorize interesting articles, blog posts, tutorials, or news articles they come across during their online reading. They should be able to share their curated collection with others and, importantly, manage their reading recommendations efficiently.

## Usage guide

1. Clone the project <br>```git clone https://github.com/peaches-swdp1/peaches-project.git```<br>
2. run the following command in a terminal window (in the complete) directory:<br>
```./mvnw spring-boot:run```<br>
3. Navigate to localhost:8080
   
If using Eclipse, you can also run the project in the following way:

1. Eclipse: File -> Import -> Maven -> Existing Maven Projects
2. Run
3. Navigate to localhost:8080

You can find the deployed version of the application here:
[Deployed URL](https://cool-reads-peaches.onrender.com)

How to run the tests:

1. Open the terminal where your project is located
2. Run the following command ./mvnw test

### Running the Application from the JAR File

1. **Download the Latest Release JAR File:**

   Visit the [Sprint 2 Release](https://github.com/peaches-swdp1/peaches-project/releases/tag/sprint2) page and download the latest JAR file (`application.jar`).

2. **Navigate to the Downloaded File:**

   Open your terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where the JAR file is downloaded.

3. **Run the Application:**

   Execute the following command to start the application:

   ```bash
   java -jar application.jar

## Documentation
- Link to Swagger documentation: [http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html)
- [Entity Relationship diagram](https://github.com/peaches-swdp1/peaches-project/blob/main/documentation/data-model.md)

## Team members
1. [Prasanna Tamang Bomjan](https://github.com/PrasannaTB)
2. [Aleksei Shevelenkov](https://github.com/alexonthespot7)
3. [Polina Domracheva](https://github.com/PolinaD31)
4. [Iuliia Emelianova](https://github.com/pug-yulia)

## Backlogs
* [Product Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/peaches-swdp1/projects/1)
* [Sprint 1 Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/peaches-swdp1/projects/4)
* [Sprint 2 Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/peaches-swdp1/projects/6)
* [Sprint 3 Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/peaches-swdp1/projects/8)

## License
Cool Reads is [MIT licensed](https://github.com/peaches-swdp1/peaches-project/blob/main/LICENSE)
